2017-01-23

Today I watched VS Code intro videos:
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/introvideos/overview

I considered starting the Udacity "Javascript Testing" course 
(https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-testing--ud549) but instead
started Udacity course Object Oriented Javascript. It recommended the
Codecademy JS Functions section as review. I worked through this today
and tomorrow I'll start the Object Oriented course.

I'll also watch the version control in VS Code intro video and use it to 
track my progress in the course.

I installed Chrome Canary yesterday and configured it to run listening
for debugging on port 9222. I'll use it for robot debugging, but it's 
still a bit wonky. All chrome instances (regular and Canary) sometimes 
need to be shut down and stopped in order for debugging to work in VS 
Code.

2017-01-23

I spent a lot of time getting the Chrome debug tools to work in VS Code. 
It took a couple of hours to get the base tools to work. I documented this
in Evernote.  

Then I tried testing breakpoints using the debug tools and they kept failing.

I finally closed the chrome tab with the index.html file, closed file in VS code, 
then re-opened it in Chroe, re-opened it in VS Code, set a breakpoint in 
front_end.js, launched the debug session and the breakpiont remained and worked.
In the past it get grayed out whenever the debug session started. 

I guess the leasson learned is always close and restart files and tabs when you
run into problems with the chrome debug tools in VS Code.

Also, the '"diagnosticLogging": true' flag may be useful in future VS Code 
troubleshooting issues.

2017-01-20

I watched the first video in the Wes Bos 30 day challenge. I didn't 
write any code from that video. 

I also found the XML version of the jargon file in this folder:
C:\Users\ejwhite1\Downloads\jargon file\jargsrc.tar\jargsrc and tried
on online converter to convert the xml to json. It threw some errors but
probably warrants additional tests. 

I think the way forward is to convert one of the sources (HTML, XML, or 
plain text) to a JSON file that then gets used as a data source by just 
a few different HTML files vs. the hundreds of HTML files that exist now.

2017-01-18

I fnished the JS and AJAX Lynda.com video. I haven't yet tested the 
search functionality in the jargon files. 

I also read the introduction to "Building Maintainable Software." 
I have a PDF of this book in Evernote. I took notes in the card for 
it in Trello. When I finish reading it I'll move the card to the "Read"
column.

2017-01-17

I watched a bit more of section 4 of the JS and AJAX series.
I want to try the progressive search with the jargon file data
tomorrow.

2017-01-13

Reviewed the first part of section 4 of the JS and AJAX series
and tweaked the jargon file script to read from the a.json file
and display the 'entry' value in index.html.

Also searched for some tools to try to convert the jargon file
HTML to JSON. Both Parsely (https://github.com/buckyroberts/Parsley)
and the scrape tool (listed on this data science page: 
http://jeroenjanssens.com/2013/09/19/seven-command-line-tools-for-data-science.html)
could be helpful.

2017-01-11

Watched the first part of section 4 of JS and AJAX again and
tried to read in the a.json file using the code from the video.
It failed at first but after getting my JSON file formatted
correctly it worked.

I had to run XAMPP to get the data file loaded. Otherwise the 
browser won't let Javascript open files directly on disk. 

I was working in C:\xampp\htdocs\daily after copying files over from
C:\Users\ejwhite1\Documents\daily_training\Training_log\ExerciseFiles\04-01.

Tomorrow I hope to watch the rest of the Lynda.com vides and 
get the Chrome debugging working with VS Code.

2017-01-10

Watched most of section 4 of JS and AJAX and started writing JSON file
as a test for the jargon file.

2017-01-09

Watched section 3 of JS and AJAX at home and spent some time thinking 
about how to update the New Hacker's Dictionary.

2017-01-06

I ran out of time to do the section 1 exercises at work but I did watch
section 2 of JS and AJAX at home at night.

2017-01-05

Finished section 1. Getting Started in the JS and AJAX Lynda.com video. I watched
this at home at night. Try the section 1 exercises at work tomorrow.

2017-01-04

Watched some of JavaScript and AJAX on Lynda.com. I want to review the robot
code to see how this is done there.


2017-01-03 

Today I uninstalled GitHub for Windows from my PC and installed Git for Windows. 

Github for Windows was failing to sync to the remote server. Since the Lynda.com
videos I was watching were referring to Git for Windows and not Github for 
Windows I thought I should be in sync. 

I finished watching the Javascript Functions course.

I also watched some of the Git Essential Training via Lynda after watching 
the shorter intro Lynda Git course.

I also cloned my Github repo of Eloquent_Javascript down to 
C:\Users\ejwhite1\Documents\daily_training. 


